SHOW INDEX and CONSTRAINT command and privilege (#701)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/indexes-for-search-performance/index.asciidoc

| [source, cypher]
----
SHOW [ALL\|BTREE] INDEX[ES] [BRIEF\|VERBOSE [OUTPUT]]
----

> | List indexes in the database, either all or btree only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| List indexes in the database, either all or B-tree only.
```
We say _B-tree_ in the Operations Manual, but I realize the use is not consistent across all manuals, so this is only a suggestion.
